It is, but on absolute level, it is not here. Therefore, we should not be grasping as solid
existing.
So Buddha is a teaching of the to remove wing, to release and grasping of all the object to this
everything.
That's what the teaching is. And then, all those five senses, the object senses, there are six
object senses.
And the senses is what? It is no eye-sensing, for example. No eye-senses. No eye-sensing.
The senses of consciousness is mind. And mind, already we discuss it in the Dokki teaching here too
.
There is no substantially solid entities of the mind at all that we cannot, we cannot find.
So mind is empty. Empty on the absolute level. Level is empty.
Same way, now object of eye is formed. And forms are empty. And that is again, forms are empty.
And because it is what? Emptiness forms are the hip of the atoms. Atoms, hip of atoms.
And it, atoms are also hip of atoms. And this is not just one combination. There is no entities.
It is all illusion, bubble-hunter, hip-up. And for that reason, great master Chaitaraki,
he has a very famous book, Mademaka book, that's called Uma Ji, or Mademaka Onama.
And that teaching is very big in the one he said. He said, all we Buddhists or non-Buddhists,
whatever they say is not solid existing at all. But all because is free from one and free from
minutes.
Free from one and free from many means there is no one solid existing atom. There is no solid.
And since there is one solid atom not existing, then whatever the combination is saying.
So therefore, this is one of the famous in Mademaka reasoning, in Mademaka reasoning,
to bring out everything as display of the emptiness. And one great master Chaitaraki said,
everything is like not existing as solid, same as metal images. Metal images.
Metal images is not really existing. They are solid when you see.
Or if I use reflection moon in the water, reflection moon in the water is not solid existing.
It's just a reflection. So palm, palm is emptiness, for example, for example, for example,
reflection moon in the water.
That's it. And then emptiness, the palm, for example, the rainbow.
His suits are off. So I did not see that. But I just thought when I see this to you that form is an
emptiness
as a reflection moon in the water because up there is a moon. But that moon is not really existing
as we see.
So this form is like that. Then emptiness is a form. Form.
So that means from emptiness arises form. Form, and I use it here now, for example, as rainbow.
Rainbow just comes from the space. It's not really there. It's not originally there. It comes.
And we also don't know where all that comes. And of course, there is some explanation about the
molecule,
this and that. But where does that all come from? Come from, going deeper. It's just a rainbow.
So therefore, this is what the form is like, like emptiness.
That is the same way this feels so draft. And what is among the five successes, one object is a
sound.
Sound is an emptiness. Again, same thing. Sound is an emptiness.
Where sound comes from? Sound is not just governed by one's itself.
I mean in the Buddha's teaching, the teaching says there is a divided sound, two sounds.
That sound that connects with consciousness, a sound that is not connected with consciousness.
So that is the true sound. A sound that connects with consciousness or intelligence is our sound.
This speaking sound. This is with mind. So it's speaking.
Sound that is not connected with consciousness is then element sounds.
Element sounds. And a sound that is connected with consciousness and not consciousness with the
element,
combination is exactly beating the drums. Drums are echoing what's called calling to the rock in a
road called bank.
So it has both. But where did that come from? Where is that existing?
Even though it's here too, but where is that?
If you look there, that's what is called sound and emptiness. It's not just making that everything.
So that's what I didn't go yesterday, all those things. I thought we just knew already that.
That's what they did. Sound. And smell. Smell is the same thing.
Smell is no solitude, one smell that is existing.
It's a combination of so many smells. And what the smell in the Buddha's teaching said,
smell that is produced by the, we produce smell and unnatural smells and combinations.
Those are the smells. But even though it comes upon the relative level like that,
but if you look carefully where those smells coming, items,
we're looking to the thoroughly, from the top to the bottom, not just on the surface harboring.
That's what we'll be doing in the erotic world all the time.
But today we're looking to the deep dome. That's why we're uprooting this notion of the
solitude, grasping, cleanness, sound, smell, and the taste too.
Taste is what? There is about six different tastes.
And the combination, many of those are the, I don't know exactly,
those are translated in English, but sweet, sour, and not pure.
And then this sort of taste then, I mean there's six, according to Buddhism, there's six.
And then combination that goes, and then even hundreds of flavors come.
But it's where that is again. It's where that exists. That is what we do.
And then touch. Touch is, touch is the touch. And touch is what?
Where that, again, touch. Touch is combination of one's own consciousness and others, other objects
that touch.
Those are the touches in Buddhism, in the teachings, those are light and heavy, smooth, broad, and
hot, cold, and so forth.
But we look exactly where that touch is. That's what it's called.
This is the logic of only this thing. All phenomena here say, all phenomena existing, it's the same
nature.
Even though they appear as it is, or see, reality is, there is no, no solid existing.
Maybe I have used also the word nature of the emptiness, emptiness, and whatever terminology I use,
I'm referring the same thing. There's nothing. I mean, it's in the teaching here, I want to say.
Emptiness, nature of emptiness, emptiness and, what else I said?
I have no nature. I have no nature. All these, I'm referring, same thing, exactly the same thing.
Use those terminology so we shouldn't, that is the same thing. The witness is this booklet, is the
witness.
Okay, thank you, y'all.
Bye, y'all.